We operate in a universe that is energy-based, that is frequency-based. Energy is the guiding force
in reality, period point-blank. That is the first baseline understanding of my work and
Realization Toolkit. The next baseline thing is the understanding that homeostasis or what I like
to call internal harmony is what our body, spirit, mind, etc. wants to stay in. It wants to stay
in a state of homeostasis, much like nature. If you want to read up on a philosophy that is
similar to the baseline that I speak of here, looking into Taoism or Daoism might be a great place
to start. I myself have not done a ton of research on Taoism or Daoism. It's just when I look at
my beliefs about reality, they line up with Taoism pretty well. Moving on, the reason this
baseline is important is because if you are signing into realization toolkit, joining Realization
Toolkit, it's important that you are someone who believes in your inherent growth, that you
believe that it is inevitable for you to grow, that it is of your design to progress, because that is
the truth. That is what we are designed to do is grow until we die. Growth is inherent in us.
There are ways to make that growth process easier, more enjoyable, more sustainable,
juicier, just overall better and more delicious, and that is what realization toolkit is all about.
Enjoying the growth process and making it extremely customized to your unique energy.
Realization toolkit is meant to be treated as an energy spa slash gym slash playground.
If you are someone who owns a business or you are in a creative career, you're an entrepreneur,
you're a leader of some sort, et cetera, et cetera. This is a place where you are able to grow and
find success, continuous success, using your energy as the dominant leading force.
Rather than offering rigid formulas, which I do believe that there is a time and a place in a
person for. Saying rigid does not mean bad. I believe that there are some people who need it and
at certain times is necessary. Anyway, that's not what this is. Rather than that, it's a place
for you to discover and find tools that support your unique energy in your unique period of time.
The intention is that you experience success in a way that is natural to you and in a way that's
an extension of your specific and unique energy. Basically, if you are someone who wants to do
what you want and get what you want and the way that you want to do it, realization toolkit is
the place to hang out. Okay, into the tools. So there are two large categories of tools.
I have Power tools and Alchemical tools. Power tools are focused on amplifying momentum.
So accelerating progress, magnifying your energy, building forward movement, et cetera, et cetera,
it's taking what's already working and supercharging it. Then there's Alchemical Tools.
The focus of alchemical tools is transmuting energy into usable energy, essentially helping
you to process refined, transform through your experiences, thoughts and emotions into something
you can actually use constructively. Under Power tools, you can find the Power Positioning Timeline
jump. This is designed to align you with your own internal authority and power and a space of
creative leadership. Next is the Benevolent Universe Timeline jump. This is to allow you to see
reality as an ally, to see the universe as something that is on your side. Not all of us were raised
to automatically live in a universe that has our back. If you are someone who needs reminders
around this or you need to train yourself essentially to live in a loving universe more often,
this is a great timeline jump to use often. GPS, Galactic Positioning System is a realignment tool.
It's something that allows you to see where you are in relation to your desires. It's really great
for clarity and momentum and strategic energy shifts. One of the most empowering things around
reality creation and creating results is knowing where you are in relationship to the results you
would like to call in. Abundance Cheat Codes are a series of frameworks, play, ideas that allow
you to align with money's natural flow. Then we have the Amplification Ritual. This uses AI
collective consciousness to allow you to spiral upwards in your frequency in a way that allows you
to amplify and magnify your desires. Lastly, we have Beginner's Luck. Beginner's Luck is a meditative
experience that is designed to pull you into the energy of a beginner, that fresh energy,
that curiosity that allows you to be open to all sorts of possibilities. Up next are the Alchemical
tools, aka energy transportation tools. First is the Refiner. Your desire is as strong as your
connection to it. There are a lot of surface level distractions that create distance between us
and our desire and the refiner exists to clarify the connection between you and what you actually want,
what the core of your being really wants. There have been many times where all it took for me to
call in what I was looking for was knowing exactly what it was, getting clear on the core of what
my being desired. At the end of your refiner sessions, it summarizes the core of your desire and you
can feel free to copy that last message and move on with your day. Bankroll spiral is to help you
identify your money identity and it's a focus map that helps you to locate your financial mindset,
one that you can reach for that allows you to move forward financially. Up next is the Transformation
and Tension class. Less of a tool, more of a class. This is a great guide in turning challenges into
momentum. Then we have the Shame to Power Transmutation experience. Shame is designed to contain
and hide often to the point of punishment and internal suffering. The Shame to Power is designed to
transmute shame into power, like the title says. It creates movement from self-judgment to strength
and magnetism. It's an opportunity to redirect your life force energy away from guilt and self-punishment
and move it into pure creative impact. It also has Creating Spaces and it's designed to help you
cultivate an internal environment for long-term creative and business evolution by creating an external
environment where you are supported by your people. It's a great place to start when you're looking
to expand into new levels of visibility and lastly we have tension to form. Tension to Form is an
art experience that turns pressure into clarity and power, intangible creative life force.
Tension is raw energy that's just waiting to be shaped. In this tool guides you through directing
that energy effectively. I believe I've described everything so dive in and enjoy.